---
layout: page
title: Strategies to control a common carp population by pulsed commercial harvest
bigimg: /img/pulsed.jpg
---




Colvin, M.E., Pierce, C.L., T.W. Stewart, and S.E. Grummer. 2012. 
Strategies to control a common carp population by pulsed commercial 
harvest. Strategies to control a common carp population by pulsed 
commercial harvest. North American Journal of Fisheries Management. 4: 
1251-1264. PDF 


Overview.â€”Commercial fisheries are commonly used to manage nuisance 
fishes in freshwater systems, but often unsuccessfully. We evaluated 
strategies for successfully controlling a nuisance common carp 
population by pulsed commercial harvest using a combination of field 
sampling, population estimation and CPUE indexing, and simulation 
modeling using an exponential semi-discrete biomass dynamics model 
(SDBDM). The range of annual fishing mortalities resulting in successful 
control were narrow (F=0.244-0.265). Common carp biomass dynamics were 
sensitive to unintentional under-harvest due to high rates of surplus 
production and a biomass doubling time of 2.7 years. Simulations 
indicated that biomanipulation never achieved successful control unless 
supplemental fishing mortality was imposed. Harvesting a majority of 
annual production was required to achieve successful control, as 
indicated by the ecotrophic coefficient (EC). Tools such as SDBDMs and 
ECs used with readily available biomass data can be used in an adaptive 
management framework to successfully control common carp and other 
nuisance fishes by pulsed commercial fishing. 


