---
layout: page
title: Modeling caviar yield
bigimg: /img/caviar.jpg
---




Location: Kentucky Lake, TN
Colvin, M.E. G.D. Scholten, and P.W. Bettoli. 2013. Predicting 
paddlefish roe yields using an extension of the Beverton-Holt 
equilibrium yield model. Submitted to North American Journal of 
Fisheries Management. North American Journal of Fisheries Management. 
33(5): 940-949. Here 



Overview.â€” Equilibrium yield models predict the total biomass removed 
from an exploited stock; however traditional yield models cannot be used 
when a fishery targets ovarian tissue for caviar because a simple linear 
relationship between age (or length) and ovary weight does not typically 
exist. We extended the traditional Beverton-Holt equilibrium yield model 
to predict roe yields of paddlefish _Polyodon spathula_ in Kentucky Lake, 
Tennessee-Kentucky, as a function of varying conditional fishing 
mortality rates (0.1 to 0.7), conditional natural mortality rates (9 and 
18%), and four minimum size limits ranging from 864 mm eye-fork length 
(EFL) to 1,016 mm EFL. These results were then compared to a traditional 
biomass-based yield assessment. Analysis of roe yields indicated the 
potential for growth overfishing at lower exploitation rates and minimum 
length limits than the biomass-based assessment. Additionally, 
biomass-based yields were sensitive to an increase in natural mortality, 
while roe yield patterns were similar regardless of the natural 
mortality rate simulated. These results indicated that higher minimum 
length limits would increase roe yield and reduce the potential for 
growth and recruitment overfishing at the natural mortality rates 
simulated. Biomass-based equilibrium yield assessments are commonly used 
to assess the effects of harvest on caviar-producing Acipenseriformes; 
however, our analysis demonstrates that such assessments likely 
underestimate the potential for and severity of growth overfishing when 
ovarian tissue is targeted. Therefore, equilibrium roe yield-per-recruit 
models should also be considered to guide the management process. 

