---
layout: page
title: Modeling pulsed harvest systems
bigimg: /img/sdbdm_dynamics.jpg
---





Colvin, M.E., C.L. Pierce, and T.W. Stewart. 2012. Semi-discrete biomass 
dynamic modeling: an improved approach for assessing fish stock 
responses to pulsed harvest events. Canadian Journal of Fisheries and 
Aquatic Sciences. 69(10): 1710-1721 PDF 


Overview.â€” Continuous harvest over an annual period is a common 
assumption of continuous biomass dynamics models (CBDMs), however fish 
are frequently harvested in a discrete manner. We simulated a commercial 
fishery for common carp to develop semi-discrete biomass dynamics models 
(SDBDMs) that allow discrete harvest events. We evaluated differences 
between CBDMs and SDBDMs using an equilibrium yield analysis to evaluate 
sustained yield at varying levels of fishing mortality (F). The effect 
of applying harvest continuously when it was in fact discrete was 
evaluated by fitting CBDMs and SDBDMs to a hypothetical stock of common 
carp (Cyprinus carpio) undergoing discrete harvest and evaluating bias 
in parameter estimates. Equilibrium fishery yields for CBDMs and SDBDMS 
were similar at low levels of F and became increasingly different as F 
approached and exceeded F at maximum sustained yield (FMSY). Discrete 
harvest resulted in lower equilibrium yields at high levels of F 
relative to continuous harvest. Biological reference points were reduced 
when harvest was discrete, providing a biological basis for the use of 
F0.1, where reducing FMSY compensates for violating the assumption of 
continuous harvest. Parameters estimated from SDBDMs were unbiased 
regardless of F. Parameters were negatively biased in the exponential 
CBDM. Intrinsic growth rate was relatively robust to violating the 
assumption of continuous harvest in CBDMs containing Bmax. The 
parameter, Bmax was negatively biased with increasing harvest for CBDMs. 
Effects of parameter bias on biological reference points were generally 
negative for BMSY and MSY, while FMSY was relatively unbiased. 
Semi-discrete BDMs outperformed continuous BDMs and should be used when 
harvest structure (i.e., date, amount) are known and F is greater than 
FMSY for models containing Bmax. Discrete harvest dynamics should be 
accounted for using regardless of level of harvest in exponential BDMs. 

