---
layout: page
title: Willamette River Spring Chinook Prespawn Mortality
bigimg: /img/psm.jpg
---


Overview- Willamette River spring Chinook salmon represent an 
economically and culturally important species of conservation need. 
Tributary impoundment by dams lacking fish passage limits access to 
Willamette River basin spawning areas. This limitation is mitigated by 
trapping, hauling, and outplanting spring Chinook into upstream spawning 
habitats. However efficacy of outplanting efforts has been limited by 
high prespawn mortality (PSM) levels. Research to understand spring 
Chinook PSM has focused on quantifying: 1) migration duration and 
timing, 2) pathogen loads of fish throughout the migration period, and 
3) the effect of holding captured spring Chinook in ambient and pathogen 
free hatchery water. Migration duration and timing of individually 
tagged fish at trapping facilities varied over the migration period 
presumably in response to varying hydro-thermal regimes. Additionally, 
fish arriving at trapping facilities later in the migration had higher 
pathogen loads; however loads varied between years and outplant basins. 
Preliminary results indicate that higher pathogen loads were associated 
with PSM in outplanted fish, but rearing under hatchery conditions 
during the summer months resulted in reduced PSM levels relative to 
in-river estimates. 


As part of this project I will be devloping a model to synthesize the 
complex interactions of migration duration and timing with pathogen 
loads on spring Chinook PSM, and to provide a tool to evaluate 
alternative management strategies that may minimize PSM of outplant 
fish. The model also identified knowledge gaps and uncertainties. 

