---
layout: post
title: Gar co-occurrence
subtitle: "Occupancy of four gar species in river-floodplain habitats: is there evidence for competitive exclusion and habitat mediated co-existence?"
bigimg: /img/big-img/gar.png
tags: [gar, abstracts, species co-occurrence]
---

Check out recently accepted abstract for a talk to be given at the 
Southern Division of the American Fisheries Society annual meeting held 
at the Moody Gardens Hotel and Conference Center on Galveston Island, 
Texas from January 24-27, 2019. 


    
   
## Occupancy of four gar species in river-floodplain habitats: is there evidence for competitive exclusion and habitat mediated co-existence?

### Authors: D. A. Schumann, M. E. Colvin, L. E. Miranda, D. T. Farrand

Anecdotal evidence suggests that co-existing gar species segregate among 
available habitats and may competitively exclude related species. 
However, the magnitude of these interactions among gar species are 
largely unknown. Interactions are potentially greatest between the 
closely related Longnose Gar (_Lepisosteus osseus_) and Shortnose Gar 
(_Lepisosteus platostomus_), but the ubiquitous distribution of Spotted 
Gar (_Lepisosteus oculatus_) are thought to be less influenced by other 
species. We used an existing dataset to evaluate co-occurrence patterns 
of four gar species in 62 floodplain habitats associated with the lower 
Mississippi River and its larger tributaries. Samples were collected at 
each floodplain or oxbow lake during the summer or fall from 2006-2012 
to describe the fish assemblages using spatially-replicated boat 
electrofishing transects (i.e., 2â€“16 transects per lake). Spotted Gar 
were the most abundant and commonly encountered species (~78% of 
transects). Shortnose Gar (~17%) and Longnose Gar (~12%) were more 
rarely captured in the transects. No Alligator Gar (_Atractosteus 
spatula_) were captured in >600 electrofishing transects. Spotted Gar 
were found in all sampled floodplain habitats, whereas Shortnose Gar 
(52%) and Longnose Gar (39%) were captured in fewer systems. We 
estimated the occurrence probabilities of each species and the 
probability that each species is present conditional of the presence of 
other species while accounting for imperfect detection using occupancy 
modeling. Detection probability was 0.79 for Spotted Gar, 0.30 for 
Shortnose Gar, and 0.28 for Longnose Gar. Occupancy rate estimates for 
Shortnose Gar were 0.52 and for Longnose Gar were 0.39. The ratio of 
model estimated occurrence and co-occurrence of the gars identified weak 
species interactions with Spotted Gar. Strong interactions between 
Shortnose and Longnose gar suggest that these species typically co-occur 
in floodplain lakes. By describing habitat-wide environmental features, 
we identified the conditions under which these species co-occur which 
will inform future species distributional modeling efforts. 

