---
layout: post
title: Story Framing with the Message Box
subtitle: A tool for writing a SUCCES story
bigimg: /img/big-img/aldridge-2019-04-03-blog-post-banner.png
tags: [writing tools, structured decision making]
---

Post by [Caleb Aldridge](https://aldridgecaleb.github.io/).---I've been 
revisiting a book by [Joshua 
Schimel](https://labs.eemb.ucsb.edu/schimel/josh/index.html) entitled, 
"Writing Science: How to Write Papers That Get Cited and Proposals That 
Get Funded" (Oxford University Press, 2012). ([Click 
here](https://books.google.com/books/about/Writing_Science.html?id=O1JpA 
gAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover&source=kp_read_button#v=onepage&q&f=false) 
to preview this book on Google). While skimming through I became 
reacquainted with a story framing tool that I should use more and 
believe it can be useful to others. 


But first let's think about what makes a good scientific story. One of 
the key reasons we write scientific and scholarly articles is to share 
the knowledge and understanding we gained from the data and information 
we gathered and analyzed. After all, science uses structured, 
evidence-based processes to making sense of fragmented pieces of 
information. 


We all want to effectively communicate our new information and 
understanding to others. This sometimes includes policymakers and key 
authorities. Schimel turns to the mnemonic, SUCCES, created by Chip and 
Dan Heath in "Made to Stick" (Random House, 2007). The basic ideas 
behind SUCCES are to make a story: 


1. S: Simple
2. U: Unexpected
3. C: Concrete
4. C: Credible
5. E: Emotional
6. S: Stories

Simple stories are easier to remember and simple ideas have power. Good 
papers present something novel that fills the knowledge gap. Novel 
papers will likely do well to in providing solid evidence to their 
abstract model or theory---there is healthy tension between what we 
imagine and our data. The credibility of our data and ideas are also 
important to crafting a SUCCES story. It is important to build a bridge 
of logic from what we know to what you propose or hypothesize. Emotion 
can be viewed as a negative influence on science but a driving emotion 
in a good science is curiosity. Keep your audience curious from the 
engaging question to the satisfying conclusion. And lastly, see your 
work as chapters of a larger narrative by finding the units within 
single papers that can be packaged into coherent modules. 


It will take some practice and trial and error before consistently 
writing SUCCES stories, but one tool that I've found useful for framing 
my stories is the message box (Fig. 1). This tool is discussed by 
Schimel from the message box concept described by Nancy Baron in "Escaping
the Ivory Tower: A Guide to Making Your Science Matter" (Island 
Press, 2010). 


![Image unavailable in Internet Explorer](data:image/png;base64,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)

**Figure 1.** The message box. Modified from Writing Science by J. 
Schimel &copy; 2012 Oxford University Press. 


This graphical tool helps you as the storyteller identify the overall 
issue (A) and audience (B), which are important as overarching themes in 
your story. The problem is then defined. This should be a short 
statement or question that reminds you of what is engaging and 
challenging about your work. It's also important to recognize and 
address your audiences 'so what?' question. Be sure to reflect on how 
this new information and understanding is concrete, credible, and even 
emotional. Building that concreteness and credibility comes through your 
solution, or the actual research you conducted. The solution part of the 
message box should 'one-liner' to how you address the problem. Finally, 
how does your audience benefit from your solution to the problem? Does 
is satisfy, at least in-part, the 'so what?' And, did we arrive at this 
resolution logically from your solution? 


Schimel provides a good example on page 201 (Fig. 2).

![Image unavailable in Internet Explorer](data:image/png;base64,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)

**Figure 2.** A message box for studying microbial activity in artic 
tundra soils during winter. Adapted from Writing Science by J. Schimel 
&copy; 2012 Oxford University Press. 


Our lab, the [Fishery Management & Aquatic Conservation 
Lab](https://mcolvin.github.io/), focuses a lot on using scientific 
information and understanding to support objectives based decision 
making. I've written a little about connecting experimental design and 
decision [here](https://mcolvin.github.io/2019-01-25-aldridge/) and 
[here](https://mcolvin.github.io/2019-03-22-aldridge-blog-post/), but 
writing about decision making in a natural sciences field can be 
challenging and awkward. Most readers expect the story to focus on 
variables that influence the system. Decision stories focus more on 
applying the understanding of the system to meet management and 
conservation objectives. Sometimes this includes ways to control or 
manipulate influential variables and quantifying the uncertainty of that 
manipulation, but sometimes it comes down to the realization of what we 
can't control or how little influence we actual have on the outcomes. 
The take away may even be the identification of where the next study 
should focus (i.e., reducible uncertainty). 


To help myself and hopefully others in our lab/area of research I 
modified the message box with elements of structured decision making 
(Fig. 3). 


![Image unavailable in Internet Explorer](data:image/png;base64,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)

**Figure 3.** The message box with elements of structured decision 
making. Modified from Writing Science by J. Schimel &copy; 2012 Oxford 
University Press. 


This 'message box for decision studies' is version 0.0.1 so to speak. 
I'm sure there are parts missing and perhaps elements that should not 
have been included, but I'm hoping it helps us to think about telling 
decision stories. 

