---
layout: post
title: The Hybrid Heyday
subtitle: Aquaculture Disease Research in a Changing Industry
bigimg: /img/big-img/catfish1.jpg
tags: [aquaculture, channel catfish, hybrid catfish, hybrid vigor]
---

Post by [Brad Richardson](https://www.bradley-richardson.com/).---In 
July of 2015, I began my first summer of work on my doctoral research. 
My research is focused on a bacterial disease having a huge detrimental 
impact on the catfish aquaculture industry that is so prevalent in the 
southeastern United States. The disease had been around for 
approximately 6 years and showed no signs of slowing down, costing the 
catfish industry tens of millions of dollars in lost revenue each year. 
At that time, channel catfish (_Ictalurus punctatus_) was the primary 
species being cultured in the ponds of Alabama, Mississippi, and 
Arkansas. However, a new group of fish was also on the rise – hybrids. 
Hybrid catfish are the product of fertilizing the eggs of a female 
channel catfish with sperm from male blue catfish (_Ictalurus 
furcatus_). Hybrid species often express a phenomenon called 
&quot;hybrid vigor&quot; which can manifest in a variety of ways 
including increased growth and disease resistance. The hybrid catfish 
were no different! The fish showed significant increases in growth 
rates, feed conversion (e.g. amount of feed needed to produce 1 lb. of 
fish), and disease resistance. 


This new stock of fish was praised by the farmers, and as their 
popularity grew so did the number of farmers stocking them. This left my 
research in vulnerable position; our primary goal was to help the 
catfish industry…but we still needed disease outbreaks. As you can 
imagine, that&#39;s not easy to tell a farmer that is trying to make a 
living. Over the last 4 years, the proportion of Mississippi farms using 
hybrid catfish has increased from approximately 15% to nearly 50%. 
Unfortunately, many of these farms are discovering that the hybrid vigor 
that lead to the increased resistance to channel catfish diseases had 
little/no effect on other diseases. Problems, new and old, have 
continued to plague the hybrid catfish including _Edwardsiella 
piscicida_ (bacterial disease), Columnaris (bacterial disease), and 
Proliferative Gill Disease (parasite disease). So, the hybrid expansion 
has begun to slow as farmers are starting to stock both species of 
catfish on their farms. 


Changing fish stocks is the not the only industry shift we have 
experienced in the last 4 years, changing feed compositions, feeding 
rates, stocking rates, pond management, disease monitoring, and water 
quality management have all seen some degree of change. These changes 
each provide their own set of challenges when conducting fish disease 
research. And you have to find a way to maintain some type of continuity 
in the face of the constantly changing industry. 


